Replace dry run mode with a test relay (#421)
flashbots/rbuilder: README.md

- Benchmarks are located in [`crates/rbuilder/benches`](./crates/rbuilder/benches/). We'd love to add more meaningful benchmarks there!
- Let us know about further improvement ideas and additional relevant benchmarks.

> ### Testing on real orderflow 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing with a fake relay
```

> For testing full live builders using real orderflow without submitting blocks, we provide the `test-relay` tool. This standalone binary implements the MEV-Boost relay API required for builder to function. The test-relay only performs block validation and compares profits between builders who submit blocks to it, without actually sending blocks to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo includes a `test-relay` tool for testing live builders without submitting blocks to live production relays. This standalone binary implements the MEV-Boost Relay API required for builder to function. The test-relay only performs block validation and compares profits between builders who submit blocks to it, without actually sending blocks to the network.

The test relay exposes several Prometheus metrics about the blocks it received.
```
